############################ ##########  ##########  ##########  ##############################
############################ Essentials Permission Resource File ##############################
############################ ##########  ##########  ##########  ##############################
###### ##########  ##########  ##########  ######  ######  ########  ########  ########  ######
###### Any commands that have been looked  ######  ######  Names with a "-" in front of  ######
###### at for the main permission file     ######  ######  them have that permission     ######
###### and have been used or not will be   ######  ######  specifically removed from     ######
###### marked with a hash and what group   ######  ######  the group.                    ######
###### it has been used in.                ######  ######                                ######
###### ##########  ##########  ##########  ######  ######  ########  ########  ########  ######
###### Some groups will have access to all ######
###### of these permissions.               ######
###### ##########  ##########  ##########  ######


#None     Cheat     bigtree	    essentials.bigtree	    Allow access to the /bigtree command.
#None     Cheat   	break	      essentials.break	      Allows access to the /break command.
#None     Cheat   	break	      essentials.break.bedrock	Allows the breaking of bedrock.
#D2 Admin Cheat   	enchant	    essentials.enchant	    Allows access to the /enchant command.
#None     Cheat   	enchant	    essentials.enchant.[enchantmentname]	Allows access to each enchantment type.
#D1 Mod   Cheat	    feed	      essentials.feed	        Allows access to the /feed command.
#None     Cheat	    feed	      essentials.feed.others	Allows a player to feed another player.
#D1       Cheat	    fly	        essentials.fly	        Allow access to the /fly command.
#None     Cheat	    fly	        essentials.fly.others	  Allows you to toggle fly for other players.
#Admin    Cheat	    gamemode	  essentials.gamemode	    Allow access to the /gamemode command.
#None     Cheat	    gamemode	  essentials.gamemode.others	Allows you to change the gamemode of other players.
#Mod      Cheat	    give	      essentials.give	        Allow access to the /give command.
#None     Cheat	    give	      essentials.give.item-<itemname>	If permission-based-item-spawn: Spawn <itemname>
#None     Cheat	    give	      essentials.give.item-[itemid]	If permission-based-item-spawn: Spawn [itemid]
#None     Cheat	    give	      essentials.give.item-all	If permission-based-item-spawn: Spawn all items
#None     Cheat	    give	      essentials.itemspawn.exempt	Allows spawning of items on the spawn blacklist.
#D2       Cheat	    give	      essentials.oversizedstacks	Allows spawning of stacks above normal max stack size
#None     Cheat	    god	        essentials.god	        Allow access to the /god command.
#None     Cheat	    god	        essentials.god.others	  Allows you to god other players
#D1 Mod   Cheat	    heal	      essentials.heal	        Allow access to the /heal command.
#None     Cheat	    heal	      essentials.heal.cooldown.bypass	Bypass the heal cooldown
#Mod      Cheat	    heal	      essentials.heal.others	Allows healing another player
#Mod      Cheat	    item	      essentials.item	        Allow access to the /item command.
#None     Cheat	    item	      essentials.itemspawn.exempt	Allows spawning of items on the spawn blacklist.
#None     Cheat	    item	      essentials.itemspawn.item-[itemid]	If permission-based-item-spawn: Spawn [itemid]
#None     Cheat	    item	      essentials.itemspawn.item-[itemname]	If permission-based-item-spawn: Spawn [itemname]
#None     Cheat	    item	      essentials.itemspawn.item-all	If permission-based-item-spawn: Spawn all items.
#D2       Cheat	    item	      essentials.oversizedstacks	Allows spawning of stacks above normal max stack size
#Member   Cheat	    kit	        essentials.kit	        Allow access to the /kit command.
#None     Cheat	    kit	        essentials.kit.*	      Allows access to all created kits (and giving kits to others).
#Member+  Cheat	    kit       	essentials.kit.[kitname]	Where [kitname] is the name of an existing kit.
#None     Cheat	    kit       	essentials.kit.others	  Allows spawning of kits on other players.
#D2       Cheat	    more      	essentials.more	        Allows access to the /more command.
#D2       Cheat	    more      	essentials.oversizedstacks	Allows spawning of oversized stacks.
#None     Cheat	    ptime     	essentials.ptime	      Allow access to the /ptime command.
#None     Cheat	    ptime     	essentials.ptime.others	Allows you to change the time of another online player.
#D2       Cheat	    repair	    essentials.repair	      Allow access to the /repair command.
#D2       Cheat	    repair    	essentials.repair.armor	Repair all also repairs equipped armor.
#D2       Cheat	    repair	    essentials.repair.enchanted	Repairing of enchanted items.
#Mod      Cheat	    time	      essentials.time	        Allow access to the /time command.
#Mod      Cheat	    time	      essentials.time.set	    User is allowed to change the time of the world.
#D2       Cheat	    tree	      essentials.tree	        Allow access to the /tree command.
#D2       Cheat	    unlimited	  essentials.unlimited	  Allow access to the /unlimited command.
#None     Cheat	    unlimited	  essentials.unlimited.item-[itemid]	Allows the player to recieve an unlimited stack of [itemid]
#None     Cheat	    unlimited	  essentials.unlimited.item-[itemname]	Allows the player to recieve an unlimited stack of [itemname]
#D2       Cheat	    unlimited	  essentials.unlimited.item-all	Allows the player to recieve an unlimited stack of any item.
#D2       Cheat	    unlimited	  essentials.unlimited.item-bucket	Allows the player to recieve an unlimited use of empty/lava/water buckets.
#None     Cheat	    unlimited	  essentials.unlimited.others	Allows the player to gift/remove another player with an unlimited stack.
#None     Economy	  balance	    essentials.balance	    Allow access to the /balance command.
#None     Economy	  balance	    essentials.balance.others	Allows you to see the balance of other players
#None     Economy	  balancetop	essentials.balancetop	  Allow access to the /balancetop command.
#None     Economy	  eco	        essentials.eco	        Allow access to the /eco command.
#None     Economy	  eco	        essentials.eco.loan	    Gives the player unlimited money.
#None     Economy	  pay	        essentials.pay	        Allow access to the /pay command.
#None     Economy	  sell	      essentials.sell	        Allow access to the /sell command.
#None     Economy	  setworth	  essentials.setworth	    Allow access to the /setworth command.
#None     Economy	  worth	      essentials.worth	      Allow access to the /worth command.
#Member   General	  afk	        essentials.afk	        Allow access to the /afk command.
#Mod      General	  afk	        essentials.afk.kickexempt	Exempts the user from being auto kicked for AFK
#None     General	  afk	        essentials.afk.others	  Allows you to AFK other players.
#D1       General	  compass	    essentials.compass	    Allow access to the /compass command.
#D1       General	  depth	      essentials.depth	      Allow access to the /depth command.
#Member   General	  getpos	    essentials.getpos	      Allow access to the /getpos command.
#Admin    General	  getpos	    essentials.getpos.others	Allow user to get the position of another player.
#Admin    General	  getpos	    essentials.list.hidden	Allows user to get position of a hidden player.
#Member   General	  help	      essentials.help	        Allow access to the /help command.
#None     General	  help	      essentials.help.[pluginname]	Manually adds the commands from a plugin to this group's /help. Name is all lowercase.
#Member   General	  helpop	    essentials.helpop	      Allow access to the /helpop command.
#Mod      General	  helpop	    essentials.helpop.receive	Allows you to see Helpop messages
#Noen     General	  ignore	    essentials.ignore	      Allow access to the /ignore command.
#Member   General	  info	      essentials.info	        Allow access to the /info command.
#Citizen  General	  itemdb	    essentials.itemdb	      Allows access to the /itemdb command.
#Member   General	  list	      essentials.list	        Allow access to the /list command.
#Admin    General	  list	      essentials.list.hidden	Show hidden users
#Citizen  General	  mail	      essentials.mail	        Allow access to the /mail command.
#Citizen  General	  mail	      essentials.mail.send	  Send mail
#D1       General	  me	        essentials.me	          Allow access to the /me command.
#Member   General	  motd	      essentials.motd	        User sees MOTD on connect, and can use the command.
#Member   General	  msg	        essentials.msg	        Allow access to the /msg command.
#Citizen  General	  msg	        essentials.msg.color	  This allows you to color your private messages using color codes.
#Citizen  General	  msg	        essentials.msg.format	  This allows you to format your private messages using foramt codes.
#Citizen  General	  msg	        essentials.msg.magic	  This allows you to use the matrix/magic color in your private messages.
#Citizen  General	  msg	        essentials.msg.url	    This allows you to use urls in your private messages.
#D2       General	  near	      essentials.near	        Allow access to the /near command.
#D2       General	  nick	      essentials.nick	        Allow access to the /nick command.
#D2       General	  nick	      essentials.nick.color	  This allows you to color your nickname using color codes.
#D2       General	  nick	      essentials.nick.format	This allows you to format your nickname using foramt codes.
#D2       General	  nick	      essentials.nick.magic	  This allows you to use the matrix/magic color in your nickname.
#None     General	  nick	      essentials.nick.others	Gives you permission to give other players a nick name
#D2       General	  powertool	  essentials.powertool	  Allow access to the /powertool command.
#None     General	  powertool	  essentials.powertool.append	Allows adding multiple commands to a single powertool.
#D2       General	  powertooltoggle	essentials.powertooltoggle	Allow access to the /powertooltoggle command.
#Citizen  General	  realname	  essentials.realname	    Allow access to the /realname command.
#Member   General	  rules	      essentials.rules	      Allow access to the /rules command.
#Citizen  General	  seen	      essentials.seen	        Allow access to the /seen command.
#Citizen  General	  seen	      essentials.seen.banreason	Allows the user to see why a user is banned.
#Admin    General	  spawner	    essentials.spawner	    Allow access to the /spawner command.
#Admin    General	  spawner	    essentials.spawner.*	  Allows the spawning of all mobs
#None     General	  spawner	    essentials.spawner.[mob]	Allows access to spawn a specific mob
#Member   General	  suicide	    essentials.suicide	    Allow access to the /suicide command.
#Mod      General	  whois	      essentials.list.hidden	Show hidden users
#Mod      General	  whois	      essentials.whois	      Allow access to the /whois command.
#None     Moderator	antioch	    essentials.antioch	    Allow access to the /antioch command.
#None     Moderator	backup	    essentials.backup	      Allow access to the /backup command.
#Admin    Moderator	ban	        essentials.ban	        Allow access to the /ban command.
#None     Moderator	ban	        essentials.ban.exempt	  Prevents a specified group or player from being banned
#Member   Moderator	ban	        essentials.ban.notify	  User sees a notification when a ban is set.
#Manager  Moderator	ban	        essentials.ban.offline	Allows banning of players who are offline. This may allow you to ban exempt players.
#Manager  Moderator	banip	      essentials.banip	      Allow access to the /banip command.
#Admin    Moderator	broadcast	  essentials.broadcast	  Allow access to the /broadcast command.
#None     Moderator	burn	      essentials.burn	        Allow access to the /burn command.
#Member   Moderator	clearinventory	essentials.clearinventory	Allow access to the /clearinventory command.
#Admin    Moderator	clearinventory	essentials.clearinventory.others	Allows you to clear other player's inventory
#None     Moderator	deljail	    essentials.deljail	    Allow access to the /deljail command.
#None     Moderator	essentials	essentials.essentials	  Allow access to the /essentials command.
#None     Moderator	ext	        essentials.ext	        Allow access to the /ext command.
#D2       Moderator	fireball	  essentials.fireball	    Allow access to the /fireball command.
#Admin    Moderator	gc	        essentials.gc	          Allow access to the /gc command.
#Mod      Moderator	invsee	    essentials.invsee	      Allow access to the /invsee command.
#Admin    Moderator	invsee	    essentials.invsee.modify	Players can modify the other players inventory (remove/add items).
#None     Moderator	jails	      essentials.jails	      Allow access to the /jails command.
#Mod      Moderator	kick	      essentials.kick	        Allow access to the /kick command.
#None     Moderator	kick	      essentials.kick.exempt	Prevents a specified group or player from being kicked
#Member   Moderator	kick	      essentials.kick.notify	User sees a notification when a user is kicked.
#Manager  Moderator	kickall	    essentials.kickall	    Allow access to the /kickall command.
#None     Moderator	kill	      essentials.kill	        Allow access to the /kill command.
#None     Moderator	kill	      essentials.kill.force	  Force player death, even if event is cancelled.
#None     Moderator	killall	    essentials.killall	    Allows access to the /killall command.
#D2       Moderator	lightning   essentials.lightning	  Allow access to the /lightning command.
#None     Moderator	lightning	  essentials.lightning.others	Allows use of /lightning [playername]
#Admin    Moderator	mute	      essentials.mute	Allow access to the /mute command.
#Mod      Moderator	mute	      essentials.mute.exempt	Prevents a specified group or player from being muted
#None     Moderator	nuke	      essentials.nuke	        Allow access to the /nuke command.
#Citizen  Moderator	ping	      essentials.ping	        Allow access to the /ping command.
#Mod      Moderator	remove	    essentials.remove	      Allow access to the /remove command.
#None     Moderator	setjail	    essentials.setjail	    Allow access to the /setjail command.
#Manager  Moderator	socialspy	  essentials.socialspy	  Allow access to the /socialspy command.
#Admin    Moderator	spawnmob	  essentials.spawnmob	    Allow access to the /spawnmob command.
#None     Moderator	spawnmob	  essentials.spawnmob.*	  Allow the spawning of all mobs
#D2       Moderator	spawnmob	  essentials.spawnmob.[mob]	Allow access to spawn a specific mob
#Manager  Moderator	sudo	      essentials.sudo	        Allow access to the /sudo command.
#Co-Owner Moderator	sudo	      essentials.sudo.exempt	Prevents the holder from being sudo'ed by another user.
#Admin    Moderator	tempban	    essentials.tempban	    Allow access to the /tempban command.
#None     Moderator	tempban	    essentials.tempban.exempt	Prevents a specified group or player from being tempbanned
#None     Moderator	tempban	    essentials.tempban.offline	Allows temp-banning of players who are offline. This may allow you to ban exempt players.
#None     Moderator	thunder	    essentials.thunder	    Allow access to the /thunder command.
#None     Moderator	togglejail	essentials.jail.exempt	Prevents a specified group or player from being jailed
#None     Moderator	togglejail	essentials.togglejail	  Allow access to the /togglejail command.
#None     Moderator	togglejail	essentials.togglejail.offline	Allows jailing of players who are offline. This may allow you to jail exempt players.
#Admin    Moderator	unban	      essentials.unban	      Allow access to the /unban command.
#Admin    Moderator	unbanip	    essentials.unbanip	    Allow access to the /unbanip command.
#Admin    Moderator	weather	    essentials.weather	    Allow access to the /weather command.
#None     Spawn	    setspawn	  essentials.setspawn	    Allow access to the /setspawn command.
#Member   Spawn	    spawn	      essentials.spawn	      Allow access to the /spawn command.
#Citizen  Teleport	back	      essentials.back	        Allow access to the /back command.
#Member   Teleport	back	      essentials.back.ondeath	Give this permission to allow players to use /back to go to their death spot
#Member   Teleport	delhome	    essentials.delhome	    Allow access to the /delhome command.
#Manager  Teleport	delhome	    essentials.delhome.others	Allows you to delete the homes of other players.
#None     Teleport	delwarp	    essentials.delwarp	    Allow access to the /delwarp command.
#Member   Teleport	home	      essentials.home	        Allow access to the /home command.
#Admin    Teleport	home	      essentials.home.others	Allows you to teleport to homes of other players
#D2       Teleport	jump	      essentials.jump	        Allow access to the /jump command.
#Member   Teleport	sethome	    essentials.sethome	    Allow access to the /sethome command.
#D1       Teleport	sethome	    essentials.sethome.multiple	Allows player to have multiple homes, or create named homes. Required for 2+ homes.
#D1       Teleport	sethome	    essentials.sethome.multiple.[set]	Raise the multiple home limit to a setting defined in the config file.
#D2       Teleport	sethome	    essentials.sethome.multiple.unlimited	Removes the cap on the number of homes people are allowed (if they have multiple homes).
#None     Teleport	sethome	    essentials.sethome.others	Allows you to change another users home location.
#None     Teleport	setwarp	    essentials.setwarp	    Allow access to the /setwarp command.
#None     Teleport	setwarp	    essentials.warp.overwrite.*	Allows overwriting of all existing warps.
#None     Teleport	setwarp	    essentials.warp.overwrite.[warpname]	Allows overwriting of existing warps.
#D1       Teleport	top	        essentials.top	        Allow access to the /top command.
#Citizen  Teleport	tp	        essentials.tp	          Allow access to the /tp command.
#None     Teleport	tp	        essentials.tp.others	  Allow players to teleport another player.
#None     Teleport	tp	        essentials.world.<worldname>	Allows players access to a specific world.
#Member   Teleport	tpa	        essentials.tpa	        Allow access to the /tpa command.
#D1 Mod   Teleport	tpaall	    essentials.tpaall	      Allow access to the /tpaall command.
#Member   Teleport	tpaccept	  essentials.tpaccept	    Allow access to the /tpaccept command.
#Member   Teleport	tpahere	    essentials.tpahere	    Allow access to the /tpahere command.
#None     Teleport	tpall	      essentials.tpall	      Allow access to the /tpall command.
#Member   Teleport	tpdeny	    essentials.tpdeny	      Allow access to the /tpdeny command.
#None     Teleport	tphere	    essentials.tphere	      Allow access to the /tphere command.
#Mod      Teleport	tpo	        essentials.teleport.hidden	Allows teleporting to a hidden player
#Mod      Teleport	tpo	        essentials.tpo	        Allow access to the /tpo command.
#Manager  Teleport	tpohere	    essentials.tpohere	    Allow access to the /tpohere command.
#Citizen  Teleport	tppos	      essentials.tppos	      Allow access to the /tppos command.
#Mod      Teleport	tptoggle	  essentials.teleport.cooldown.bypass	Bypass the teleport cooldown
#Mod      Teleport	tptoggle	  essentials.teleport.hidden	Allows the user to teleport to players who are hidden by another plugin. This permission only affects tpo and tpohere.
#Mod      Teleport	tptoggle	  essentials.teleport.timer.bypass	Bypass the teleport delay
#Member   Teleport	tptoggle	  essentials.tptoggle	    Allow access to the /tptoggle command.
#None     Teleport	warp	      essentials.warp	        Allow access to the /warp command.
#None     Teleport	warp	      essentials.warp.*	      Allows access to all warps.
#None     Teleport	warp	      essentials.warp.[warpname]	If you have per-warp-permission set to true in the config.yml then you can limit what warps players can use. This also controls what players would see with /warp.
#None     Teleport	warp	      essentials.warp.list	  Specifies whether you can view warp list with /warp.
#None     Teleport	warp	      essentials.warp.otherplayers	Allows warping another player.
#None     Teleport	world	      essentials.world	      Allow access to the /world command.
#Various  Teleport	world	      essentials.world.<worldname>	Allows players access to a specific world.
#Member   Various	  None	      essentials.build	      Allows people to build when using permission systems which don't support build toggles.
#D1 Mod   Various	  None	      essentials.chat.color	  This allows you to color your chat messages using color codes.
#D2 Mod   Various	  None	      essentials.chat.format	This allows you to format your chat messages using foramt codes.
#D2 Admin Various	  None	      essentials.chat.magic	  This allows you to use the matrix/magic color in your chat messages.
#None     Various	  None	      essentials.chat.question	This allows you to send global qeustions, used if a chat-raidus is configured.
#None     Various	  None	      essentials.chat.shout	  This allows you to send global messages, used if a chat-raidus is configured.
#None     Various	  None	      essentials.chat.spy	    A permission designed for admins, to intercept all local messages (ignoring the chat-radius).
#D2 Mod   Various	  None	      essentials.chat.url	    This allows you to use urls in your chat messages.
#None     Various	  None	      essentials.geoip.hide	  Allows you to hide your country and city from people who have permission essentials.geoip.show
#Admin    Various	  None	      essentials.geoip.show	  Allows you to see the country and city of players.
#D1 Admin Various	  None	      essentials.joinfullserver	Player can join when the server is full.
#None     Various	  None	      essentials.nocommandcost.[command]	Removes the command cost of a given command.
#None     Various	  None	      essentials.nocommandcost.all	Removes the command cost of all commands.
#None     Various	  None	      essentials.protect	    Allows the protection of rails and signs, otherwise they are not protected.
#None     Various	  None	      essentials.protect.admin	Allows the destruction of signs and rails.
#None     Various	  None	      essentials.protect.alerts	Allows a player to recieve protect alerts.
#None     Various	  None	      essentials.protect.alerts.notrigger	Users with this permission do not trigger protect alerts.
#None     Various	  None	      essentials.protect.damage.contact	Player will receive contact damage
#None     Various	  None	      essentials.protect.damage.creeper	Player will receive creeper damage
#None     Various	  None	      essentials.protect.damage.disable	Admin override to prevent admins from dying
#None     Various	  None	      essentials.protect.damage.drowning	Player will receive drowning damage
#None     Various	  None	      essentials.protect.damage.fall	Player will receive fall damage
#None     Various	  None	      essentials.protect.damage.fire	Player will receive fire damage
#None     Various	  None	      essentials.protect.damage.fireball	Player will receive fireball damage
#None     Various	  None	      essentials.protect.damage.lava	Player will receive lava damage
#None     Various	  None	      essentials.protect.damage.lightning	Player will receive lightning damage
#None     Various	  None	      essentials.protect.damage.projectiles	Player will receive projectile damage
#None     Various	  None	      essentials.protect.damage.suffocation	Player will receive suffocation damage
#None     Various	  None	      essentials.protect.damage.tnt	Player will receive tnt damage
#None     Various	  None	      essentials.protect.entitytarget.bypass	Allows a player to be targeted by mobs.
#None     Various	  None	      essentials.protect.exemptbreak	Allows a player to ignore the break blacklist.
#None     Various	  None	      essentials.protect.exemptplacement	Allows a player to ignore the block placement blacklist.
#None     Various	  None	      essentials.protect.exemptusage	Allows a player to ignore the usage blacklist.
#None     Various	  None	      essentials.protect.ownerinfo	Allows a player to examine protected objects to find their owner.
#None     Various	  None	      essentials.protect.pvp	When prevent PVP is set to true, this allows players to still PVP. Both attacker and defender need to have this permission.
#None     Various	  None	      essentials.signs.break.balance	Controls who can break balance signs.
#None     Various	  None	      essentials.signs.break.buy	Controls who can break buy signs.
#Mod      Various	  None	      essentials.signs.break.disposal	Controls who can break disposal signs.
#D1 Admin Various	  None	      essentials.signs.break.enchant	Controls who can break enchant signs.
#Admin    Various	  None	      essentials.signs.break.free	Controls who can break free signs.
#D2 Admin Various	  None	      essentials.signs.break.gamemode	Controls who can break gamemode signs.
#Mod      Various	  None	      essentials.signs.break.heal	Controls who can break heal signs.
#Admin    Various	  None	      essentials.signs.break.kit	Controls who can break kit signs.
#Mod      Various	  None	      essentials.signs.break.mail	Controls who can break a mail sign.
#None     Various	  None	      essentials.signs.break.protection	Controls who can break a protection sign. Typically given to everybody.
#None     Various	  None	      essentials.signs.break.sell	Controls who can break sell signs.
#D2 Admin Various	  None	      essentials.signs.break.spawnmob	Controls who can break spawnmob signs.
#Admin    Various	  None	      essentials.signs.break.time	Controls who can break time signs.
#None     Various	  None	      essentials.signs.break.trade	Controls who can break trade signs.
#D2 Mod   Various	  None	      essentials.signs.break.warp	Controls who can break warp signs.
#Admin    Various	  None	      essentials.signs.break.weather	Controls who can break weather signs.
#D1       Various	  None	      essentials.signs.color	This allows you to color your signs using color codes.
#None     Various	  None	      essentials.signs.create.balance	Controls who can create balance signs.
#None     Various	  None	      essentials.signs.create.buy	Controls who can create buy signs.
#Mod      Various	  None	      essentials.signs.create.disposal	Controls who can create disposal signs.
#D1 Admin Various	  None	      essentials.signs.create.enchant	Controls who can create enchant signs.
#Admin    Various	  None	      essentials.signs.create.free	Controls who can create free signs.
#D2 Admin Various	  None	      essentials.signs.create.gamemode	Controls who can create gamemode signs.
#Mod      Various	  None	      essentials.signs.create.heal	Controls who can create heal signs.
#Admin    Various	  None	      essentials.signs.create.kit	Controls who can create kit signs.
#Mod      Various	  None	      essentials.signs.create.mail	Controls who can create a mail sign.
#None     Various	  None	      essentials.signs.create.protection	Controls who can create a protection sign.
#None     Various	  None	      essentials.signs.create.sell	Controls who can create sell signs.
#D2 Admin Various	  None	      essentials.signs.create.spawnmob	Controls who can create spawnmob signs.
#Admin    Various	  None	      essentials.signs.create.time	Controls who can create time signs.
#None     Various	  None	      essentials.signs.create.trade	Controls who can create trade signs.
#D2 Mod   Various	  None	      essentials.signs.create.warp	Controls who can create warp signs.
#Admin    Various	  None	      essentials.signs.create.weather	Controls who can create weather signs.
#D1       Various	  None	      essentials.signs.format	This allows you to format your signs using foramt codes.
#D1       Various	  None	      essentials.signs.magic	This allows you to use the matrix/magic color in your signs.
#None     Various	  None	      essentials.signs.protection.override	Used to override any protections. Typically given to mods & admins
#None     Various	  None	      essentials.signs.trade.override	Used to override the creator only protection on trade signs. Typically given to mods & admins
#None     Various	  None	      essentials.signs.use.balance	Controls who can use balance signs.
#None     Various	  None	      essentials.signs.use.buy	Controls who can use buy signs.
#Citizen  Various	  None	      essentials.signs.use.disposal	Controls who can use disposal signs.
#D1       Various	  None	      essentials.signs.use.enchant	Controls who can use enchant signs.
#Citizen  Various	  None	      essentials.signs.use.free	Controls who can use free signs.
#D2       Various	  None	      essentials.signs.use.gamemode	Controls who can use gamemode signs.
#Citizen  Various	  None	      essentials.signs.use.heal	Controls who can use heal signs.
#Member  Various	  None	      essentials.signs.use.kit	Controls who can use kit signs.
#Citizen  Various	  None	      essentials.signs.use.mail	Controls who can use a mail sign.
#None     Various	  None	      essentials.signs.use.protection	Controls who can use a protection sign. Typically given to everybody.
#None     Various	  None	      essentials.signs.use.sell	Controls who can use sell signs.
#Citizen  Various	  None	      essentials.signs.use.spawnmob	Controls who can use spawnmob signs.
#Citizen  Various	  None	      essentials.signs.use.time	Controls who can use time signs.
#None     Various	  None	      essentials.signs.use.trade	Controls who can use trade signs.
#Citizen  Various	  None	      essentials.signs.use.warp	Controls who can use warp signs.
#Citizen  	  None	      essentials.signs.use.weather	Controls who can use weather signs.
#None     Various	  None	      essentials.sleepingignored	User isn't required to be sleeping, for time to be reset.
#None     XMPP	    setxmpp	    essentials.setxmpp	    Allow access to the /setxmpp command.
#None     XMPP	    xmpp	      essentials.xmpp	        Allow access to the /xmpp command.
#None     XMPP	    xmppspy	    essentials.xmppspy	    Allow access to the /xmppspy command.