############################ ##########  ##########  ##########  ##############################
############################ NoCheat+ Permission Resource File ##############################
############################ ##########  ##########  ##########  ##############################
###### ##########  ##########  ##########  ######  ######  ########  ########  ########  ######
###### Any commands that have been looked  ######  ######  Names with a "-" in front of  ######
###### at for the main permission file     ######  ######  them have that permission     ######
###### and have been used or not will be   ######  ######  specifically removed from     ######
###### marked with a hash and what group   ######  ######  the group.                    ######
###### it has been used in.                ######  ######                                ######
###### ##########  ##########  ##########  ######  ######  ########  ########  ########  ######
###### Some groups will have access to all ######
###### of these permissions.               ######
###### ##########  ##########  ##########  ######



----------------------- Permissions for ADMINISTRATION -------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 - nocheatplus.admin.chatlog
    The player will receive log messages that are directed at the "ingame chat"
    as a normal chat message ingame.

 - nocheatplus.admin.commands
    The player gets access to some of the "/nocheatplus" commands.

 - nocheatplus.admin.reload
    In combination with "nocheatplus.admin.commands", the player gets access to
    the "/nocheatplus reload" command, which will cause NoCheatPlus to reread
    its config files.

 - nocheatplus.admin.plugins
    Give this permissions to the players you want to be able to see the plugins
    your server is using.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------- Permissions for CHECKS -----------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 These permission nodes are grouped the same way as the options in the config
 file, based on the event type they belong to. The logic is, that a player
 having one of these nodes means he will NOT be checked. Players without the
 permission node will be checked.

 Example: A player has permission "nocheatplus.checks.moving.morepackets". That
 means he is allowed to use that hack/cheat because NoCheatPlus won't check/
 stop it.


-------------------- BLOCKBREAK Permissions for CHECKS -------------------------

 - nocheatplus.checks.blockbreak.fastbreak
    Allows the player to break blocks very quickly.

 - nocheatplus.checks.blockbreak.reach
    Allows the player to break blocks that are further away than usual.

 - nocheatplus.checks.blockbreak.direction
    Don't force players to look at the blocks that they try to destroy.

 - nocheatplus.checks.blockbreak.noswing
    Don't force players to swing their arm when breaking blocks.


-------------------- BLOCKPLACE Permissions for CHECKS -------------------------

 #Citizen
 - nocheatplus.checks.blockplace.fastplace
    Allows the player to place blocks very quickly.

#None
 - nocheatplus.checks.blockplace.reach
    Allows the player to place blocks that are further away than usual.

#None
 - nocheatplus.checks.blockplace.direction
    Don't force players to look at the blocks that they try to place.

#None
 - nocheatplus.checks.blockplace.projectile
    Allows the player to throw projectiles very quickly, like expbottles, eggs,
    monster eggs, eyes of ender, ender pearls. This is usually used by griefers
    to level up very quickly or to crash the server by spawning too much mobs.

#None
 - nocheatplus.checks.blockplace.autosign
    Allows the player to place multiple signs with the same text. This is
    usually used by griefers to place quickly a lot of signs with their
    signature.


----------------------- CHAT Permissions for CHECKS ----------------------------

#Manager
 - nocheatplus.checks.chat.nopwnage
    Don't limit the number of messages and commands that a player may send in a
    short timeframe, the delay allowed to join the server again, etc. in short
    everything watched by the NoPwnage check.

#None
 - nocheatplus.checks.chat.arrivalslimit
    Don't limit the number of new players allowed to join in a short timeframe.

#D1 Mod
 - nocheatplus.checks.chat.color
    Don't filter color codes from messages that get sent by players, allowing
    them to use colors in their messages.


---------------------- FIGHT Permissions for CHECKS ----------------------------

#None
 - nocheatplus.checks.fight.direction
    Don't force players to look at their targets while fighting.

#None
 - nocheatplus.checks.fight.noswing
    Don't force players to move their arms while fighting.

#None
 - nocheatplus.checks.fight.reach
    Don't limit the distance for fights.

#None
 - nocheatplus.checks.fight.speed
    Don't limit the number of attacks that the player can do per second.

#None
 - nocheatplus.checks.fight.godmode
    Don't prevent the player from keeping the temporary invulnerability that he
    gets when taking damage.

#None
 - nocheatplus.checks.fight.instantheal
    Don't prevent the player from accellerating their health generation by
    food saturation.

#None
 - nocheatplus.checks.fight.knockback
    Don't prevent the player from doing knockbacks when it's not technically
    possible (if he hasn't really run [if he has just sent the packet before
    attacking the entity]).

#None
 - nocheatplus.checks.fight.critical
    Don't prevent the player from doing criticals hits when it's not technically
    possible (if he hasn't really jumped/fallen [if he has just sent a packet
    before attacking the entity]).

#None
 - nocheatplus.checks.fight.angle
    Don't prevent the player from attacking multiple entities at the time (this
    check is mostly triggered when a player is using a forcefield).


--------------------- INVENTORY Permissions for CHECKS -------------------------

#Member
 - nocheatplus.checks.inventory.drop
    Don't limit the number of items that a player may drop within a short time.

#Member
 - nocheatplus.checks.inventory.instantbow
    Don't prevent players from shooting their bows instantly without taking the
    usual time to pull the string back.

#None
 - nocheatplus.checks.inventory.instanteat
    Don't prevent players from eating their food instantly without taking the
    usual time to munch on it.


------------------------ MOVING Permissions for CHECKS -------------------------

#D1 Mod
 - nocheatplus.checks.moving.runfly
    Allows the player to move freely. It also treats the player as if he has the
    ".flying", ".swimming", ".sneaking" and ".nofall" permission too.

	 - nocheatplus.checks.moving.flying
    Allows the player to fly, independent of if he is in "creative mode" or not.
    He will be limited in speed by the config settings "flyingspeedvertical" and
    "flyingspeedhorizontal". It also treats the player as if he has the
    ".nofall" permission too.

 	- nocheatplus.checks.moving.nofall
    Allows the player to avoid fall damage by using hacks. Normally NoCheatPlus
    will keep track of a players movement and try to rectify the fall-damage
    calculations of Minecraft in case they seem to be wrong because of players
    tricking the server.

	 - nocheatplus.checks.moving.swimming
    Allows the player to swim as fast as he is allowed to walk. Normally a
    player swims slower than he walks and NoCheatPlus prevents faster movement
    in water.

	 - nocheatplus.checks.moving.sneaking
    Allows the player to sneak faster than he is allowed to walk. Normally a
    player sneaks a lot slower than he walks and NoCheatPlus prevents faster
    movement while sneaking.

#Member
 - nocheatplus.checks.moving.blocking
    Allows the player to move faster than he is allowed while blocking. Normally
    a player move a lot slower while blocking than when he walks and NoCheatPlus
    prevent faster movement while blocking. Please note this will also allow the
    player to attack an entity while blocking (which is not possible with an un-
    modified client).

#Member
 - nocheatplus.checks.moving.cobweb
    Allows the player to move fast than he is allowed while being into cobweb.
    Normally a player more a lot slower than when he wallks and NoCheatPlus will
    try to prevent that kind of behavior.

#None
 - nocheatplus.checks.moving.morepackets
    Allows players to make a lot more movements than normally possible. Doing
    more movements will result in faster overall movement speed and causes the
    server to spend a lot of additional time for processing these movements.

#None
 - nocheatplus.checks.moving.morepacketsvehicle
    Allows players to make a lot more movements (while being in a vehicule) than
    normally possible. Doing more movements will result in faster overall
    movement speed and causes the server to spent a lot of additional time for
    processing these movements.

#None
 - nocheatplus.checks.moving.waterwalk
    Allows players to walk on water (by using a griefing client). This
    functionality is also called Jesus mode.

#None
 - nocheatplus.checks.moving.respawntrick
    Allows player to respawn on top if they are blocked by a gravel or a sand
    block (instead of removing the blocks blocking them). This is usually used
    by players to go quickly to the surface when they are in their mines).

#None
 - nocheatplus.checks.moving.boatonground
    Allows players to place boats on the ground (and not only on the water).